There's a couple of other things that will enforce your suicide security and they're highly recommended.
Rename a logging page which typically is WP Admin and WP log in BGP.
Limit the number of invalid log in trace, implement honeypot and CAPTCHA protection for registration,
log in and lost password forms and block bet queries and requests containing dangerous characters.
But all these are not as simple as putting a line or two in the function speech file.
That's why I used the plug in for that.
All in one word for security and firewall is my plugin of choice, which I used for quite some time
and which I trust.
If you prefer, you can use other plug in that you trust more.
In all in one WordPress security and firewall, there's quite a lot of options to turn on or off in
the dashboard.
You have an indicator how many features are on and the status of critical features.
When going through settings, I recommend you to turn on whatever you can, if only you understand the
descriptions and potential implications of each feature.
Here are some highlights in settings on the WordPress version info tab.
Enable the option if you didn't choose to manually put the code I showed earlier, which changes the
version numbers into hashes.
In user log in enable the log in logged on feature.
Set a reasonable number of logging attempts.
For example five.
The time in which that number of attempts need to happen to log the account and the time for which the
account will be locked out.
For example, 60 Minutes.
I usually want to be notified by email to.
In user registrations enable as much as is reasonable for you.
If you have lots of legitimate registrations, the manual approval will probably not make much sense.
But honey pot is always a good idea.
In firewall.
Also check as much options as you can from the first two tabs.
I never use XM or PC, so I always disable it.
I used to have attacked attempts exploiting this protocol.
If you use it, at least disable the ping backs.
The addition of the Firewallrules and Six Blacklist Firewallrules snaps feature some of the things we
discussed in earlier chapters.
Disabling listing of directory contents.
Disabling Trace and tracking methods.
And this six G firewall, you may want to manually implement seven G firewall instead of the six g embedded
in the plug in.
In brute force.
Use the rename log in page feature.
Make it something unpredictable if you're the only user of your site.
If you have multiple users, make it something logical but not typical to WordPress.
For example, sign in.
On subsequent dumps, you may want to turn on capture for a lost passport form.
But turning it on for a log in form might be too annoying for legitimate users.
I would rather turn it on only if your site is under attack.
Blogging.
Honeypot, on the other hand, is always a good idea because it's invisible for valid users.
In spun prevention, you can capture and block spam bots if you suffer from spam and don't use any other
solution like a casement.
Finally, in miscellaneous, you can enable a couple of features we discussed earlier.
You can enable extreme options ATP Header to prevent click jacking.
And block users enumeration.
You can also completely block the rest API but beware some plugins.
Use it.